feat: Add app.getLocaleCountryCode() method for region detection (#15035)
electron/electron: docs/api/app.md

**Note:** On Windows you have to call it after the `ready` events gets emitted.

> ### `app.getRegion()` _macOS_ _Linux_ _Windows_

Reviewer: For functions that work across platforms, no need to specify all of `_macOS_ _Linux_ _Windows_`

**Note:** On Windows you have to call it after the `ready` events gets emitted.

> ### `app.GetLocaleCountryCode()`

Reviewer 2: `app.GetLocaleCountryCode()` => `app.getLocaleCountryCode()`

> Returns `String` - User operating system´s region in ISO3166 [here](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html). The value is taken from native OS APIs.

Reviewer: `region` => `locale country code`

> **Note:** When unable to detect region, it returns empty string.

Reviewer: same as above ☝️

**Note:** On Windows you have to call it after the `ready` events gets emitted.

### `app.getLocaleCountryCode()`

> Returns `String` - User operating system´s locale country code in ISO3166 [here](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html). The value is taken from native OS APIs.

Reviewer 3: Lower-case `string` here please.

> Returns `string` - User operating system´s locale country code in ISO3166 [here](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html). The value is taken from native OS APIs.

Reviewer 3: Please make "ISO3166" a link and remove the "here" word. The text looks weird now.
```suggestion
Returns `string` - User operating system's locale two-letter [ISO 3166](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html) country code. The value is taken from native OS APIs.
```

> **Note:** When unable to detect locale country code, it returns empty string.

Reviewer 3: Is it possible to return `null`?

Author: There is no way how to do it from C++
